feat(webhooks-doc): add `liveblocks/node` verification section (#653)
liveblocks/liveblocks: docs/pages/api-reference/liveblocks-node.mdx

});
```

### WebhookHandler [#WebhookHandler]

The `WebhookHandler` class is a helper to handle webhook requests from
Liveblocks.

> It's initialized with a signing secret that you can find in your project's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It’s initialized with a signing secret that you can find in your project’s
```

Author: 🦅 👁️
